## Future Plans: 
Future Roadmap
 - Arm Template Improvements:
    - Simplify to 1 Logic App for everything
    - Possibly migrate to KeyVault instead of Automation Account Variables. May be a better solution for security.
 - Workbook Visuals:
	- Continue to add on to the Workbook as I discover more data with newer Az.NetAppFiles PowerShell Modules
     - Add on Alerts generated by LogicApps/Runbook - LogicApp will create a custom log table in Log Analytics Workspace that can be visualized by the Workbook.
     - Workbooks can also trigger Logic Apps with resource information to trigger remediation scripts using Azure Functions (powershell or python).
 - Logic App
    - Consolidate Logic Apps into a single Logic App
    - Add on Variables for the Log Analytics Workspace alerting custom table. This will be displayed in the Workbook and provide details on alerts fired.
    - Create a ZenDesk integration templated Logic App with working API integration and ticket handling.
- Runbook
    - Continue to improve Error handling as new issues are discovered
    - Modify API calls to the Logic App to a standard communication to a single Logic App. 1 Logic App to do all alerting
- Dashboard - Create a Shared Azure Dashboard for Azure NetApp Files
    - Pin Workbook and other Azure Resource Graph queries to the dashboard
- OpenAI integration in ticketing and alerting.




## Release Notes:

- v1. Initial Release and of Working Deployment (3/22/2023)
    - 2x Logic Apps, 1 Runbook, 1 LogAnalytics Workspace, 1 Azure Monitor Workbook.
